External Secrets Operator and CLI (#2302)
pivotal/docs-tap: external-secrets/about-external-secrets-operator.hbs.md

# External Secrets Operator (beta)

> >**Caution** External Secrets plugin available in Tanzu CLI list of plug-ins is in beta 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Caution** The External Secrets plugin available in the Tanzu CLI list of plug-ins is in beta 
```

and is intended for evaluation and test purposes only. Do not use it in a production environment.

The [External Secrets Operator](https://external-secrets.io) is a Kubernetes
operator that integrates with external secret management systems, for example,
Google Secrets Manager and Hashicorp Vault. It reads information from external

> APIs and automatically inject the values into a Kubernetes secret. Tanzu Application Platform makes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
APIs and automatically injects the values into Kubernetes secrets. Tanzu Application Platform makes
```

Author: `a secret` - is important in this context.

Reviewer: I have updated my suggestion.
